WITCH BABA
There's another killer.
One more person is going to die.
Hey… Hurry!
It's gonna hit me in the head!
Fuck you.
We're running out. Shit.
-Running out?
-Yeah.
-Light the big one!
-Hurry up! It hit me!
-So aggressive.
-Light the big one.
Get his head!
Shit!
The video…
isn't finished.
Shit.
Fuck, you're awake?
You're awake?
Shit, you were asleep for so long!
Lower your voice.
I'm sorry…
Fuck, you were asleep for so long.
Are you okay?
I wasn't asleep.
I heard what you were doing.
What the heck?
What did you hear?
That video…
There's more after that.
The online video
has been edited.
We're running out. Shit.
-Running out?
-Light the big one.
Hurry up! It hit me!
-So aggressive.
-Light the big one.
Get his head!
I think we should tell the cops.
The cops won't believe you.
This one will.
CALLING CHEN CHIA-JEN
Mr. Jen.
I just checked with the telecom provider.
Wei Yen's video
was definitely uploaded in RS E-Sports.
Too bad the surveillance cameras
didn't get the uploader's face.
The odd thing is,
If Kuo Ta-fu uploaded this video,
why did he edit out the ending?
Wei Yen obviously…
No one else knows about this besides me?
No. You told me not to tell anyone.
Only his family, Ting-yu, and us
know Wei Yen woke up.
Mr. Hua took over
as the guard officer too.
But…
I have a question.
Yes?
Mr. Jen, why did you ask to meet here?
It's nice here.
Do you really like pink?
It's about the vibe.
I feel comfortable.
Well, did you bring the file?
I did, but…
It's broken.
Broken? Can't you fix it?
It's physically damaged.
I believe one of our guys did it.
Yeah.
In 2021,
May 18th,
aside from Kuo Ta-fu's car accident,
there was another incident.
Someone took drugs, overdosed, and died.
These two incidents happened
less than 50 meters apart.
The deceased's name was Chao Kuo-an.
I checked the computer.
Chao Kuo-an's file
is tagged as confidential.
I couldn't access it.
ACCESS DENIED
The traffic accident report
was also unclear.
You know, I don't like using computers.
Did you know our precinct
has a file room on B2?
FILE ROOM
Aside from me,
I'm sure no one knows about it.
I found this.
Kuo Ta-fu said, in this accident,
his front tire hit a fire hydrant.
But it was his rear tire that blew out.
The officer at the scene
wrote in the initial report
that he suspected the rear tire blew out…
because of
a gunshot.
REAR TIRE LIKELY PUNCTURED BY A GUNSHOT
So…
You suspect someone fired a gun?
I have no proof.
It's just a gut feeling.
So, I hope you guys can help me with this.
WITCH BABA
Even though the serial killing case
seems over,
there's actually another killer.
One more person is going to die.
Thank you all for coming.
What I'm about to say
concerns my life, Ting-yu's, Wei Yen's,
and Officer Chen Chia-jen's.
Please keep this between us.
This serial killing case isn't over yet.
There's another killer.
One more person will die.
Next, please help spread the word
that Wei Yen
knows the truth about the case.
We're tricking the killer
into going after Wei Yen.
Isn't that dangerous?
What happens to Wei Yen, then?
About that, actually…
Is everyone ready?
Let me introduce
Wei Fa Yen.
-Hello, guys, I'm Wei Yen.
-Wei Yen, you're alive?
-I missed you!
-That's wild!
You didn't die?
Don't worry about me. I'm fine.
We've been waiting
for the killer to slip up.
So please keep this between us.
This is the million-follower influencers'
secret plan to rally millions of fans.
This killer is extremely skilled.
So, we need everyone's help.
The serial killer
targeting influencers, Kuo Ta-fu,
had just been arrested.
He committed suicide while in custody.
This series of incidents
must be caused
by someone targeting influencers.
I don't mean Kuo Ta-fu.
More people online are recalling
what happened that night.
Gunshot.
That's so weird.
Fireworks and gunshots.
And gunshots?
Totally different.
Something else
must've happened that night.
Ting-yu doesn't remember.
What about Wei Yen?
Later, guys.
WEI YEN IS RECOVERING WELL
HE SHOULD WAKE UP SOON
WHERE DID YOU GET THAT IDEA?
I'M WEI YEN'S NURSE
THE FLUID IN HIS LUNGS HAS BEEN CLEARED
THE DOCTORS SAY
HE COULD WAKE UP ANY TIME NOW
A YEAR AGO
Thanks.
One-thirty.
Linsen Golden Capital.
At least three kilos.
Shouldn't you get off now?
Three kilos, man.
Three kilograms.
Just two bags.
That's too little.
I heard you got promoted to squad leader.
High-Tech Crime Unit squad leader,
Ho Chen-wei.
What do you want?
Did you get promoted
in the High-Tech Crime Unit
through this?
-Do you have a death wish?
-Okay. Don't be mad…
I'm sorry, squad leader. My bad.
Alright, I'll get going.
-What's this?
-Hey.
-Don't take it. Fuck!
Stop!
Fuck you.
This is ridiculous.
NO UNAUTHORIZED VEHICLES
Stop!
Stop running.
-Fuck.
-What the heck?
Fuck.
Stop running.
You wanna mess with me? You recorded me?
Fuck.
I didn't.
-What do we do?
-What now?
Fuck, get down!
Let's go.
-Hey, let's go.
-Fuck.
-Let's go.
-Do we call the police?
-It won't start.
-Go!
-Ting-yu, go!
-Let's go!
-Come on!
Give me your phone!
I didn't do it.
You didn't? Give it to me!
Are you okay?
My water…
I think my water broke.
Hang in there.
We're going to the hospital.
-Fuck.
-I didn't do it.
You fucking recorded me.
Chao Kuo-an!
Get in here.
Keep it down.
Honey.
I said keep it the fuck down!
Please! Help!
-Keep it down.
-Is anyone there?
Help!
Is anyone there?
Chao Kuo-an.
CID AGENT
-Mr. Hua.
-Yes.
Patrol this intersection
and the next one again.
Okay, got it.
A-Hua.
-Mr. Chen-wei.
-What's the situation?
Someone reported a corpse.
When we arrived,
he showed no signs of life.
Looks like a drug overdose.
The deceased is…
Chao Kuo-an,
your informant.
Chao Kuo-an?
Damn it.
I told him to quit,
but he wouldn't listen.
I knew this would happen.
Mr. Chen-wei, what do you want to do?
Report the death.
Report directly…
We've been closing in on a supplier.
Chao Kuo-an was our contact.
Losing him will affect the operation.
We can't alert them.
But the higher-ups want…
I'll handle the rest.
Let's go.
What happened over there?
A car accident. Traffic's already on it.
I'll take a look.
Thank you.
Yes.
High-Tech Crime Unit
What?
Ho Chen-wei,
High-Tech Crime Unit squad leader.
Hello, sir.
What's the situation?
Rear tire blew, flipped. No suspect.
Any witnesses?
No witnesses.
But sir,
the blowout is strange.
Strange?
Yes, I suspect it was a gunshot.
A gunshot?
Yes. I'm not sure, but look at the--
You're not sure,
and you're putting it in the report?
I'm sorry, sir.
Any surveillance footage?
What?
Have you checked the three nearby cameras?
Yes, we've requested the footage
from the local station.
What about the one in front?
Sir, that belongs to a private company.
Got it.
We'll take it from here.
But we already--
Our unit will collect the evidence.
Just tow the car and process it. Got it?
Yes.
Chia-jen, you're also an influencer now.
They think you're a killer.
We need to handle this carefully.
I fired lawfully.
…and stopped in the lower left lung.
Luckily, his heart wasn't damaged.
We removed the bullet as well.
Help!
Is anyone there?
You're that cop.
Stay back.
Are toy guns against the law?
-Please?
-Stay back.
Is killing fun for you?
Let me introduce him.
This is the killer cop.
What's his name?
Are you Wei Meng-yen's family?
Yes.
I'm Ho Chen-wei,
High-Tech Crime Unit squad leader.
I want to check Meng-yen's phone.
I've told you--
Here's the warrant.
Shall I search your house?
Officer, wait.
-You guys shot my son.
-The case has expanded.
We need to seize
all of Wei Meng-yen's devices.
You can't just walk into a patient's room!
I'll get going.
-Already?
-Yes, I'll be back tomorrow.
-Is this his phone?
-You can't just take his stuff.
Are you his attending physician?
I'm his ER physician.
Okay, please register here.
I need to register now?
Only the attending physician
and family can visit him.
I can ask his family.
-Don't worry. I'll get to work. Thanks.
-Okay.
You can go now.
A-Hua, didn't Mr. Jen tell us
to wait for him?
Give him his stuff.
-A-Hua.
-Stay out of it.
You can leave
or you can wait for your lawyer.
Let's go.
What the heck?
That's not good.
What do we do?
What now?
Let's go.
UPLOAD VIDEO
UPLOADING FILE
This is all on you!
Your video is on the internet.
Shit.
Why is this video different
from the one on the internet?
This is the file found on your computer.
The video you used
to threaten Wei Meng-yen.
This is the version that leaked online.
Who gave you the video?
Kuo Ta-fu.
You've already killed two people.
You're facing two life sentences.
Please cooperate.
You gave it to me
just now.
So you didn't upload this video?
You're a fucking cop. Figure it out.
I'm not the only one who wants them dead.
Hey, A-Li. You're just in time.
I just got…
Mr. Ho.
-Don't make this hard.
-What?
A-Hua, what?
Cooperate with us.
Why are you filming?
I'm a cop. Stop it!
Chen-wei!
Li Hsin-ping, you're pointing a gun at me?
Do you know what you're doing?
The deceased's name was Chao Kuo-an.
He was also…
Ho Chen-wei's informant.
Mr. Ho?
Didn't expect this, right?
You really tried to kill me?
Good thing I tampered with the device.
Or you would've really killed Wei Yen.
Everyone, look!
The real killer is right here.
Did you see that?
-Terrifying.
-I'm scared.
He really wanted to kill Wei Yen.
-Witch Baba's live stream!
-Insane!
-First Precinct…
-Ho Chen-wei.
Ting-yu, Wei Yen, cool.
New memes incoming!
Got you!
WHO WILL SAVE WEI YEN?
KILLER!
I waited all night for this big scene.
-Anyone called the cops?
-He is a cop.
KILLER!
EGG WATER RIVER STUDIO
Got you!
It's him?
That's scary.
A killer caught red-handed.
Not only a cop, but a squad leader.
LIVE
Look at you.
You're surrounded.
-Ting-yu, step back.
-Where you gonna go?
You piece of shit.
You had the nerve to yell at me.
Where are you gonna go now?
Put down the gun!
Hey, wait…
TRYING TO RECONNECT
Why'd it cut out?
How did this happen?
Is it his connection?
It must be.
Ting-yu.
Can anyone else stream?
Why are you filming?
THIS NURSE IS AT THE SCENE
-There it is.
Bump it up.
IT DISCONNECTED
Why are you filming?
Chen-wei.
Mr. Ho.
Get back! Drop your guns!
Hey… Ting-yu!
How did he get him?
It's horrifying.
You guys
are trying to frame me.
I'm Ho Chen-wei, squad leader.
Drop your guns!
Chen-wei.
Stop it.
You're an influencer now.
Fine.
Let's cut the act.
Drop your guns!
Get back! Drop your guns!
Put them down!
Fucking drop them! Don't you get it?
Drop them!
Put them on the floor!
Step back!
Get the fuck back!
Don't move unless I say!
PRAYING THE COPS CAN HANDLE IT
YOU TRUST THE COPS?
GO, TING-YU!
Get back!
-Chen-wei.
-Go away!
-Get lost!
-Calm down.
Okay?
Shoot! Do you dare shoot me?
Press the elevator!
You don't dare shoot me.
-Hey…
-Shoot!
-Don't push it!
-I'm a fucking cop.
Don't.
Shoot!
-Ting-yu.
-Yes?
You're ugly.
What are you talking about?
Ugly? You're ugly. This is so cute.
You have to shake your shoulders
on the second "Yo".
Yo!
-What are you doing?
-No way.
Yo…
BABA ISN'T THERE?
WEI YEN IS AT THE SCENE!
MORE NERVOUS THAN WHEN MY WIFE GAVE BIRTH
Fuck. You almost scared me to death.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
TING-YU IS SAFE
Thanks, guys. We're fine now.
Officer Chen Chia-jen saved me.
That's my dad!
That almost scared me to death.
I'm exhausted.
-My goodness.
-That's great.
-Looking forward to the next video.
-Missing Wa Tsai.
-Rest in peace, Wa Tsai and Kao Pi.
-Wei Yen's amazing.
Ting-yu and Wei Yen, get some rest.
Good night.
Welcome to What's Up Yo! Yo!
We're at this place today.
It looks like someone's home.
You'll never guess who the guest is today.
Let me make a prediction.
Today's guest is a big shot.
Please welcome
Witch Baba!
Hello, everyone.
I'm Witch Baba.
This is the long-awaited
influencer room reveal.
Today, we're gonna show you the room
where Witch Baba makes her predictions.
Can you not wear that mask?
-It looks terrifying.
-I'm sorry.
I'm shy without the mask.
Why are you shy?
You're a million-follower influencer.
How about giving us another prediction
before we start the tour?
Predict this.
How do you think my injury is recovering?
Okay, as always,
we'll have Ting-yu from What's Up Yo! Yo!
draw a card for us.
-This one.
-London Big Ben reversed.
It signifies that time is paused.
That means your recovery time
is almost over, right?
It doesn't hurt!
-No pain…
-Are you serious or are you bluffing?
Ladies and gentlemen.
Wait, where's your injury?
Let me show you
Ting-yu's amazing recovery power.
That's impossible.
-Do you know why?
-Why?
The injury's on this hand.
I'm speechless. That's so lame.
All right, no more jokes.
We actually have a few things
to share with you today.
As you know, we've experienced
some pretty terrifying incidents lately.
That's right.
And…
We can both agree
that we've personally witnessed
how easy it is
to lose control of the internet.
We want to apologize to everyone again.
-I'm sorry.
As for my next steps,
I will keep cooperating with the police.
I hope everyone is doing well.
That's the heavy stuff over with.
Let's talk about…
something cheerful.
My best friend, Chen Yu-chieh,
will be having her solo concert soon.
That's right. In 2022,
the night of December 7th,
9:30 p.m.
See you there.
Make sure you go.
Chia-jen!
Why are you still frowning?
How can you go there like this?
Kuo Ta-fu
took potassium cyanide.
The bracelet was his late wife's.
So the hospital let him keep it on.
He never intended to live.
Also…
Lin Ting-yu's verdict is out.
For vehicle endangerment and damage,
the judge sentenced him and Wei Meng-yen
to 60 days of detention.
Wei Meng-yen, he…
He's been discharged.
They're not pressing charges.
You'll be back at work soon.
So…
-You want to ask about Ho Chen-wei, right?
-No way.
That shot you fired
went through his right collarbone.
His life isn't in danger.
You were lucky.
No, I calculated it, and I aimed for it.
You aimed for it? Yeah, right!
If you'd actually killed him,
you'd be in way more trouble.
Okay, enough said. Let's go.
Go ahead. I need a cigarette.
Do you want one?
Forget it, you quit.
Hurry… Just go. Go ahead.
Don't smoke too much.
It's not good for you.
You care about me?
Are you on the internet every day now?
My daughter's on there.
Will you talk to me?
Even if you don't answer
Just wondering
Did you get the flowers sent to you?
Will you talk to me?
Is everything all right today?
I'm thinking of you again
Every detail of you
I miss it twelve million times
I'm afraid that if I skip one,
you'll become a bit blurry
Every season without you
I miss you twelve million times
When it comes to goodbye
Who's willing to say goodbye?
Little by little
I'm still learning
to live in a world without you
Will you talk to me?
Ask me, "What time are you coming home?"
"Have you eaten?"
I remember your nagging look
Will you talk to me?
It's fine if we do our own thing
Just think it over again
Every season without you
I miss you twelve million times
When it comes to goodbye
Who's willing to say goodbye?
Yu-chieh!
The next song
is for my dad.
Subtitle translation by: Coralie Zhang